hi all, what should I start?
all users who are filming
different programs let's say with a bow and
or help asked such a question as
compress video to make it small
size and nice suit
with the program video master do it
very simple we open the video master
open the folder where you stored the video and
just dragging your videos
the program
video master choose your favorites
quality squeeze 1080 be all 20
megabytes and so here we just press
comment your video will weigh
In general, she told me the whole u-6 for quality 480
it will weigh 7 we just
comment and wait while the program
will complete
commenting your videos which you
removed this program is very easy in its
use we all in the description I threw
link from where you can download this
video master
all to mickey rooney successfully completed all
it is very easy for everyone thank you all bye
subscribe and like